So! Today
we have no homework!
That's good! It means I can immediately study now!
Yes! Tomorrow we are writing an exam in biology. I don't want to fail at it!
Oh yes!
Oh no, the book..! It's gone!
Hahaha - Today we didn't even have biology! Yes! It's in my desk! Yes! Let's search for it now.
Aah! There it is!
"Erlebnis Biologie" (Experience Biology) - My favourite book!
So.. it was.. page number.. 172, exactly.
Heh! I'm a smart "Gockel".
So.. the ecosystems. Explain ecosystem, biotope and biocenosis. Use the words "living space and community"
Yeah! I shall take this information from the book! And tomorrow I will know everything.
What do YOU want?
I wanted to ask you if you could lend me that one CD, I want to burn it.
BURN IT? You mean.. creating a pirate copy of it? That's violating the law! It's ILLEGAL!
Just wait you rascal! I'm gonna knock the nonsense out of your head! Get out of here! I don't wanna have to do anything with you and your criminal wheeling and dealing!
Hold on.. you are reported! Yeah yeah..
Yeah.. the last time I let him go, when he stole the sweets from the bakery.
He came home and was like "I'm a real gangster, I'm doing this and that" - but this time he went too far!
Yeah.. they are gonna put him in a institution, and they are gonna make a better person out of him! Yeah yeah.. that madman..
No! There is no excuse, you bandit! You're reported! It's too late now!
Yeah. Is this the police? Good day. I want to report that my brother acts illegal.
He creates pirate copies of CD's!
But I don't have a car to.. to.. to drive to you. You have to come here! Search through his house! That's your task! YOU MANIAC!
Hold on.. woah.. the police from today.. she doesn't care about anything anymore! You have to do everything by yourself! That's a insolence..!